[UTY-1541]Adding functionality to start iOS device client from Unity menu item (#668)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - Added support for launching an iOS client from an iOS device from the Unity Editor. Navigate to **SpatialOS** > **Launch mobile client** > **iOS device** to try it out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for launching an iOS client from an iOS device using the Unity Editor. Navigate to **SpatialOS** > **Launch mobile client** > **iOS device** to try it out.
```

- Added option to build workers out via IL2CPP in the cmd.
- Added an example of handling disconnect for mobile workers.
- Added support for launching an Android client from the Editor over ADB.

> - Added `Launch Mobile client` menu to `SpatialOS` menu in Unity Editor. `Android device` and `iOS device` menu items allow launching corresponding mobile clients to connect to local deployment.

Reviewer: multiple things:
- this needs to be under the `Unreleased` header
- rephrase that entry to
```suggestion
- Added support for launching an iOS client from an iOS device from the Unity Editor. Navigate to **SpatialOS** > **Launch mobile client** > **iOS device** to try it out.
```
